fix(curriculum): test for the key value pair challenge (#52302)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-data-structures/add-key-value-pairs-to-javascript-objects.md

assert(foods.strawberries === 27);
```

> The `foods` object's first definition should not be changed directly.

Reviewer: This feels a tiny bit awkward to my ear. Maybe
```suggestion
The definition of the `foods` object should not be changed.
```

Author: I agree that sounds smoother. Thank you.

```js
assert(
  code.search(/let foods/) === -1 &&
  code.search(/const\s+foods\s*=\s*{\s*apples:\s*25,\s*oranges:\s*32,\s*plums:\s*28\s*};/
) !== -1
);

> ```

Author: the test seems to work, when tested through GitPod on my machine. 

One tiny concern: if the user adds a trailing comma after the `plums` property in the foods object literal, this test fails. 

Perhaps that is okay, because the test explanation says that the foods object literal definition should not be changed.

Otherwise, I can try to find a way to accept an optional trailing comma in the regex.
